Daniel 9 verse 26 says: And after 62 weeks
shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself,
And the PEOPLE OF THE PRINCE THAT SHALL COME
shall destroy the CITY and the SANCTUARY,
And the END THEREOF shall be with a FLOOD,
And unto the END OF THE WAR desolations are
determined.
In this video I will PROVE to you that THE
PRINCE THAT SHALL COME in Daniel 9
is either Donald Trump or Mike Pence.
First we absolutely MUST understand the FULL
context of Daniel chapter 9.
It takes place in the first year of Darius,
the son of Ahaseurus,
Who ruled the First Persian Empire from 522
to 486 BC.
So Daniel 9 is taking place in Jerusalem around
522 BC,
Which Daniel 2 and 7 tell us is the start
of the SECOND phase of the BEAST.
So about 522 BC Daniel says in verse 2: I, Daniel understood by books the NUMBER OF THE YEARS,
Whereof the word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah
the Prophet,
That he would accomplish 70 years in the desolations
of Jerusalem.
So he is saying right here that 70 years had
passed since the prophecy of Jeremiah.
The 70 year prophecy he is referring to is
explained in the book of Jeremiah
Chapters 25 and 29.
So before we can understand what Daniel is
talking about in chapter 9
We have to understand the prophecy of 70 years
in Jeremiah because that is what he is referring to.
Jeremiah 25 verse 1 says: The word that came
to Jeremiah concerning all the people of Judah
In the FOURTH YEAR of JEHOIAKIM the son of
JOSIAH, King of Judah.
That was the first year of Nebuchadnezzar,
King of Babylon.
So its telling us that Jeremiah received this
information in the FOURTH year of King Jehoiakim.
Jehoiakim became King in 608 BC.
So his fourth year would have been 605 BC.
This is literally the beginning of the FIRST
HEAD of the BEAST, according to Bible Prophecy:
The LION of Babylon.
Daniel 1 tells us that it was in the THIRD
year of Jehoiakim
that Nebuchadnezzar stole items from the Jerusalem
Temple.
So the 1290 years in Daniel 12 started in
the third year of Jehoiakim in 606 BC;
and that ended in 685 CE when the Dome of
the Rock was set up.
We will go into that later.
But Jeremiah is talking about a prophecy that
he was given in 605 BC:
Four years after Jehoiakim became King.
That was one year after Nebuchadnezzar invaded
Jerusalem,
and it was the same year that Nebuchadnezzar
officially became the King of ancient Babylon.
It says Jeremiah spoke this prophecy to all
the people of Judah and Jerusalem.
Josiah became King of Judah in 641 BC, so
his 13th year would have been around 628 BC.
And Jeremiah is saying FROM Josiah's 13th
year until now has been 23 years.
That is confirmation again, that Jeremiah
received this prophecy in 605 BC;
the first year of Nebuchadnezzar, King of
Babylon.
He says the Lord has sent you all these prophets
and you have not hearkened;
So he was telling the people of Jerusalem
that they were not listening to the prophecies.
Then in verse 8 he says: Therefore thus says
the Lord of Hosts,
because you have not heard my words I will
send all the families of the King of the North
and Nebuchadnezzar the King of Babylon
and bring them against THIS land AND against
all these nations round about
and will utterly destroy them.
And in verse 11 the prophecy starts.
It says: These nations shall serve the King
of Babylon 70 years
And it shall come to pass when 70 years are
accomplished
that I will punish the King of Babylon and
that nation and the land of the Chaldeans.
So this is very clear.
It says THESE nations; in other words the
nations around Jerusalem.
Verses 1 and 2 are clear that Jeremiah is speaking to the people of Judah, the inhabitants of Jerusalem,
and in verse 9; the nations round about Jerusalem.
So he is saying that Jerusalem and the nations
around Jerusalem
will serve the King of Babylon for 70 years
and when those 70 years are accomplished he
will punish the King of Babylon and that nation
and the land of the Chaldeans.
But notice he does NOT say that the 70 years
will start in 605 BC!
This is VERY important!
He was GIVEN the prophecy in 605 BC
BUT the prophecy does NOT say that the 70
years will START in 605 BC!
And we know this prophecy does NOT refer to
the time period beginning in 605 BC
for several reasons:
First of all, because more than 70 years later,
in the first year of Darius: 522 BC
Daniel prayed to the Lord asking about the
70 years of Jeremiah.
So 83 years later Daniel prayed to the Lord
in sackcloth asking forgiveness
making his confession and saying: we have
sinned.
We didn't listen to the prophets.
But unto us confusion of faces at this day.
In other words, he is saying they are confused
because 70 years have passed,
and the inhabitants of Jerusalem and Israel
are FAR OFF
through all the countries which thou hast
driven them.
So they had NOT returned to Jerusalem,
and part of the prophecy in Jeremiah was that
they would RETURN after 70 years.
So he prayed and begged forgiveness because
he thought the Lord has cursed them.
And the reason he thought that was because
the end of the 70 years of Jeremiah
came and went and the King of Babylon was
NOT punished
and the inhabitants of Jerusalem had NOT returned.
So he was begging and begging forgiveness
and Gabriel came to him and said to him in verse 22:
O Daniel I am now come forth to give thee
skill and understanding.
And then he explained the prophecy of the
70 WEEKS starting in verse 24.
So its obvious that Jeremiah's prophecy
concerning the punishment of the King of Babylon
had not been fulfilled in ancient Babylon.
That is clear in Daniel 9.
But when we look at Jeremiah 29, we can see
that there are actually TWO 70 year prophecies.
In Jeremiah 29 verses 10-12 it says: After
70 years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you
Then shall you CALL UPON ME and PRAY UNTO
ME and I will ANSWER YOU.
So the first 70 years of capitivity in Babylon will end, it says, when someone PRAYS and is ANSWERED.
That was Daniel, who prayed in the first year
of Darius, in 522 BC.
Jeremiah chapter 29 does not say exactly what
year Jeremiah received that particular prophecy,
but it does say that is was some time after
King Jeconiah was taken captive to Babylon.
King Jeconiah ruled in Judah from 598 to 597
BC.
So sometime after that, Jeremiah received
the prophecy of 70 years in chapter 29
in which he was told that at the end of 70
years they would PRAY and be ANSWERED.
The fulfillment of that prophecy in Chapter
29 DID occur 70 years later.
Daniel PRAYED about the prophecy of 70 years
in the first year of Darius in 522 BC,
which was about 75 years after King Jeconiah
was taken captive to Babylon.
And again, Jeremiah says the prophecy was
given to him
SOMETIME AFTER Jeconiah was taken captive.
So, again the Jeremiah 29 prophecy was fulfilled
in Daniels time.
But the 70 year prophecy described in chapter
25 is something different.
Its talking about END TIME Babylon.
We know this because Jeremiah 25 verse 26
says
ALL the Kingdoms of the WORLD will drink the
fury.
Verse 29 says: I will call for a sword upon
ALL THE INHABITANTS OF THE EARTH.
And verse 33 says the SLAIN shall be AT THAT
DAY
FROM ONE END OF THE EARTH TO THE OTHER END
OF THE EARTH.
So, yes, Jeremiah spoke this prophecy in Jerusalem
and he was directly speaking to the inhabitants
of Jerusalem and the nations around it.
But the prophecy itself, in Jeremiah 25, refers
to an event that occurs over the WHOLE EARTH.
This is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT!
Because so many Christians are looking at
what is occurring in Jerusalem
thinking that is when these final events will
occur.
But the prophecy, not only in Jeremiah, but
all throughout the texts
clearly says the final event will occur over
the WHOLE EARTH.
Jesus said ISRAEL covers the WHOLE EARTH.
Revelation 11 says the Two Witnesses will
walk the Great City and lie unburied at the
end of 1260 days.
Revelation 17 tells us the Great City is Babylon
the Great which rules over the WHOLE EARTH.
It tells us Babylon the Great sits on the
Beast who Daniel tells us will devour the WHOLE EARTH
in the end time.
This is very, very important.
Because, although these prophecies may have
originated in Jerusalem,
they are very clear that the final events
occur throughout the whole earth.
So when we compare the prophecy of 70 years
in Jeremiah
with the prophecy in the book of Revelation,
it becomes very clear that the prophecy of
70 years in Jeremiah
refers to END TIME Babylon the GREAT
NOT ancient Babylon.
Jeremiah 25:10 says at the end of the 70 years
the BRIDE and BRIDEGROOM will be taken away.
Revelation 18:23 says the BRIDE and BRIDEGROOM
will be gone when Babylon the Great FALLS.
Jeremiah 25:10 says this will occur at the
sound of the MILLSTONE.
Revelation 18:21 says that Babylon the GREAT
will be destroyed by a STONE from heaven
that is like a GREAT MILLSTONE.
That STONE will hit the SEA of Babylon, it
says,
and Jeremiah 51:42 confirms that Babylon will
be COVERED BY THE WAVES
when this event occurs.
Jeremiah 25:15 says they will Drink the WINE
CUP of FURY at this event.
Revelation 14:10, 16:19, and 18:3 confirm
that it is END TIME Babylon
that will DRINK the WINE CUP of WRATH.
Jeremiah 25:30 and 50:16 say they will TREAD
THE GRAPES at the end of the 70 years
And that will occur AT THE HARVEST.
Revelation 14:15 and 18 confirm that the HARVEST
of GRAPES will occur
when Babylon the GREAT falls; END TIME Babylon.
So Jeremiahs prophecy directly correlates
with the prophecy in Revelation
and also the timeline Jesus gave us in Matthew
24.
We have talked about this before.
The 70 years end at the same time the 1260
years end.
There are many things that have to end at
this time.
The return of the chosen to their homeland
is also going to occur
after the accomplishment of the 70 years.
But remember, Deuteronomy 29 and 30 make it
clear that the inhabitants of Israel
that are SCATTERED throughout the earth
will NOT return to their homeland until AFTER
the Fire and BRIMSTONE!
AFTER the WRATH!
In fact, in Deuteronomy 30 verses 3 and 4
say that God will RETURN
when they return to their homeland!
And not only that, it says some of them will
return to their homeland FROM HEAVEN!!!
So remember, part of the prophecy in Jeremiah
was that they will RETURN after the 70 years.
That is in Jeremiah 29 verse 14.
and remember, Daniel clearly said that the
inhabitants of Jerusalem had NOT returned
at the end of 70 years from Jeremiahs prophecy.
In Daniel 9 verse 7 he said they were FAR OFF through all the countries where they had been driven.
So again, the prophecies are clear that the
end of Jeremiahs 70 years
occur in the END TIME, which is the END of
Daniels timeline of the Beasts
and the end of Jesus timeline as well as all
the others.
The prophecy that Jeremiah was given in chapter
does NOT specify when those 70 years START,
but it DOES specify that during the 70 years,
the nations around Jerusalem will SERVE BABYLON.
And we know that refers to Babylon the GREAT,
which is in the END TIME.
Revelation 17:3 clarifies that Babylon the
Great sits on the Beast
and Revelation 17:11 clarifies that the Beast
is the 8th King.
So the 70 years of Jeremiah must start sometime
after the 8th King rises to power.
The riddle in Revelation 17 verses 8-11 is
very clear about who the 8th King is.
We have covered this before.
There are seven Kings.
Five have fallen, one is, and the other is
not yet come,
and when he comes he must continue a short
space.
He is the 8th and is of the 7.
The five kings that had fallen were:
Ancient Babylon, Persia, Greece, the Western
Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman Empire.
The one that IS refers to the Holy Roman Empire.
It is clear, in the riddle that the ONE THAT
IS refers to the Beast that was, is not, yet IS.
This is clarified in Revelation 13 verses
1-3.
It says the Beast has 7 heads, and one of
the heads was wounded and then healed.
That wound occurred when the 7th Head of the
Beast; the Holy Roman Empire was dismantled
in 1870.
But it was healed when Vatican City was created
in Italy.
At that time, the popes became Kings, and
incidentally they are in their 8th King now.
But again, the true 8th King, according to
the prophecy, is the United Nations.
It has to match the riddle in Revelation 17
or it cannot be correct.
This 8th King; the United Nations, also appears
to be the King of Fierce Countenance in Daniel 8.
But again, Daniel 8 is clear that this King
of Fierce Countencance MUST arise
in the latter end of the FOURTH Kingdom out
of the ancient GREEK EMPIRE!
That was the Turkish Empire which did not
come to its full potential until 1299 CE
and came to its end in 1923.
The League of Nations rose in 1920 at the
end of that FOURTH EMPIRE.
So remember, each of these four regions of
the Goat corresponded to a MAJOR EMPIRE in history.
So the League of Nations was absolutely the
fulfillment
of the rise of the King of Fierce Countenance
in Daniel 8.
It says this King will destroy by PEACE.
The League of Nations became the United Nations
in 1945 and that was the rise of the 8th King.
So back to the prophecy of Jeremiah.
Babylon cannot stand on its own.
The Bible is clear that it SITS on the BEAST.
And the BEAST is the 8th KING.
So Babylon the Great cannot exist until the
8th King exists.
That means that the nations around Jerusalem
cannot SERVE the KING OF BABYLON
until the 8th King arises,
and that 8th King arose in 1945.
Now notice this.
Not only has 70 years been accomplished of
the 8th King as of NOW, 2016,
but 1945 was the end of a very significant
1260 year period.
In Daniel 12 we are told the Abomination will
be set up
1290 days (or years) after the sacrifice is
taken away.
Daniel 1 tells us the exact year that sacrifice
was taken away.
It says in the THIRD YEAR OF JEHOIAKIM the
King of Babylon stole items from the Temple.
That is when the seige occurred.
That was 606 BC.
Exactly 1290 years later, in 685 CE, the Dome
of the Rock was set up in Jerusalem.
Both of these events were perpetrated by the
King of the North.
The Dome of the Rock was set up by the POPE.
This is explained in the Daniel 11 video.
Remember, all of this MUST match the timelines
EXACTLY.
I cannot believe some of the things Christians
come up with that do NOT match the timeline.
Im sorry, but they truly do NOT know what
they are talking about.
I do want them to understand and I am trying
to explain it now.
And I have shown that the Temple is now in
the United States
And either Donald Trump or Mike Pence is the
Prince that shall come.
But again, we have to cover these other things
because
Jeremiahs 70 years DIRECTLY correlate to the
Daniel 9 prophecy
and also the prophecy in Revelation.
So back to this timeline here.
Daniel 11 tells us EXACTLY when the Abomination
was set up and we covered this.
It is probably the deepest and most extensive
study we did.
It took me a whole month to put that video
together
and it is NOTHING like what the church is
selling you.
They are leading you astray.
I have proven their doctrines false.
Check out the playlist on that.
The Abomination of Desolation in Daniel 11:31
occurred in 685 CE.
It was set up by the POPE who was the King
of the North at that time.
So the sacrifice was taken away by the King
of the North; Nebuchadnezzar, in 606 BC
and the Abomination of Desolation was set
up by the King of the North; the POPE, in 685 CE.
The Dome of the Rock was built in the same
exact measurements of the church of Holy Sepulchre.
It is NOT Muslim!
It is a ROMAN TEMPLE!!!
I showed how they finally moved their temple
(which by the way, is the Temple of SATURN),
to the United States BETWEEN the TWO SEAS;
the Atlantic and Pacific OCEANS!!!
That was the final fulfillment of Daniel 11:45.
The Capital building, where our government
sits, is the ROMAN TEMPLE OF SATURN!!!
So please bear with me, the Dome of the Rock
set up in 685 CE
was an exact fulfillment of BOTH Daniel 11
and Daniel 12.
And again, please remember that there was
NO YEAR ZERO, so yes, it was exactly 1290 years.
But that was the SECOND WATCH on Jesus timeline!
Remember, he said in Luke 12 verses 37 and
38 that there will be THREE WATCHES.
And there were exactly THREE things he told
us to watch for on his timeline
in Matthew 24, Luke 21, and Mark 13.
First, he said watch for armies surrounding
Jerusalem and the destruction of the Temple.
That occurred in 70 CE.
Next, watch for the Abomination that Daniel
talked about, standing where it ought not.
That occurred in 685 CE.
Again, on the second watch.
THEN, he said shall be the GREAT TRIBULATION.
In Matthew 24 verses 15-21 it says WHEN you
see the Abomination of Desolation
spoken of by Daniel (and that refers to Daniel 11 and 12)
THEN those in JUDEA will FLEE.
That starts the Great Tribulation, which he
explains in verse 29
is the Tribulation of the DAYS!!!
There are THREE SPECIFIC TIMES OF TROUBLE
IN THE BIBLE!!!
The Time, Times, and Half a Time in Daniel
7, 12, and Revelation 12,
The 1260 days in Revelation 11 and 12,
and the 42 months in Revelation 11 and 13.
The ONLY time of trouble that is described
as DAYS is the 1260 DAYS!!!
So Jesus was saying that the Great Tribulation
is 1260 Days, and Days can also be YEARS!
So those in Judea FLED after the Abomination
of Desolation was set up where it ought not
(that's Mark 13)
And that FLEEING started the 1260 years!
We are not given the exact year that they
fled,
But I found this very interesting:
Adam Clark published a book in the 1800s.
and he wrote that the 1260 years started between
754 and 756 CE and would end in 2016.
Now, I don't know if he was right about
that
but it is interesting because it lines up
with so much of the fulfillments we have seen.
And no I'm not 7th day Adventist, this is
NOT about religion
I don't belong to any religion, so I hope
we can get past biases,
and instead of holding onto what the Beast
is telling us,
actually look at what the text says, and the
fulfillments of these prophecies.
If Adam Clark was right about the 1260 years
starting in 754, 755, or 756,
then there were exactly 70 years
between the setting up of the Abomination
in 685 and the SIGN of Revelation 12 in 686
to the start of the 1260 years in 755 and
756.
That 1260 year period corresponds to the rise
of the 7th head of the Beast; the Holy Roman Empire.
It started with the donation of land in Italy
to the Pope; the Donation of Pepin.
By the way, the restoration of the Holy Roman
Empire; the creation of Vatican City in 1929
also involved a donation of land in Italy
to the Pope; the Lateran Treaty.
That was the healing of the 7th head of the
Beast
and they are now in their 8th King from that
restoration.
Also, the official 8th King; the United Nations
is ALSO in THEIR EIGHTH KING!
The 8th Secretary General, and that will change
in December of 2016
when they elect their 9th King.
So we are in an EXTREMELY IMPORTANT time right
now, please bear with me, there is more.
There were also exactly 1260 years from 685
when the Abomination was set up
to 1945; the end of World War 2 and the first
year of the 8th King; the United Nations,
and 2015 / 2016 represents the end of 70 years
from the rise of the United Nations.
Revelation 12 confirms this timeline.
Again, the Bible does not say EXACTLY when
those in Judea FLED
only that it was AFTER the Abomination was
set up
and AFTER the sign in heaven.
And again, the Abomination on the second watch
occurred in 685
and the SIGN occurred in 686.
The War in the Sky, or War in Heaven, and
the Bible calls it, was World War 2;
The World War that was fought in the skies.
That was right after the invention of airplanes.
That war in the sky ended in 1945 EXACTLY
1260 years from the setting up of the Abomination.
That was BOTH the SALVATION of those who were
in Nazi concentration camps
and also the DESOLATION of the Nuclear Bomb
and the start of ELAHS Kingdom in Daniel 2:44,
we talked about that in the Revelation 12 video.
That is when Revelation 12 tells us the Annointed
Ones become ACCUSERS.
In 1945 after the HOLOCAUST.
Its talking about the Jews who were persecuted
in Germany.
And by the way, it is NOT coincidence that
Germany was
the exact location of the 7th Head of the
Beast; the Holy Roman Empire.
So who was it, really, who persecuted the
Nazi Holocaust victims?
It was the BEAST!!!
And by the way, it was not just the Jews who
died in the concentration camps.
There were many people from different religions
and philosophies.
So please, let us NOT forget the atrocities
that happened to ALL of those people.
Lets not segregate each other by religion
or creed anymore.
Remember, the Bible says that it will be a
MULTITUDE of ALL NATIONS
that will be rescued.
Its not just one nation or one religion that
is being persecuted.
Now, that is when the Bible says the Dragon
was cast to the Earth;
after the War in the Sky; after the end of
World War 2; after 1945.
This is EXTREMEMLY IMPORTANT.
Remember, the Dragon represents many different
things.
Revelation 12 says the Dragon only has a SHORT
TIME after it is cast to earth.
Rememember, Revelation 17 said the 8th King
will only rule for a SHORT SPACE.
The 8th King is the United Nations and the
United Nations came to power in the fall of 1945.
This is important because
the United Nations was the power behind the
creation of Israel three years later.
In November of 1947 they voted to partition
Palestine so the Jews from Nazi Germany
could move back to Jerusalem and the surrounding
areas.
But PLEASE you need to understand that Deuteronomy
30 tells us that was NOT GOD
who returned them to their homeland.
It was the BEAST.
There are many, many Jews around the World
who know the truth about Israel.
That country IS the Little Horn and it was
created by the 8th King; the United Nations.
The Eyes and the Mouth of the Little Horn
are explained in Prophecy.
Zechariah 4 tells us the EYES are the EYES
of YHWH throughout the WHOLE EARTH.
Hosea 13 and Revelation 13 are clear that
YHWH is the BEAST.
Which means that YHWH is the 8th King.
The United Nations IS the 8th and of the 7
kings.
The 7th Head was the Holy Roman Empire.
The 7 Heads of the Beast CREATED YHWH.
In fact, Deuteronomy 32 tells us they created
the name YHWH at the MOUTH
which Revelation 13 tells us represents BABYLON.
So the MOUTH of the Little Horn is BABYLON.
Look at number 9 here; the Little Horn MUST
come out of the Four Horns of the Goat.
That is in Daniel 8 verses 8 and 9.
Well the King of Fierce Countenance comes
out of the four horns of the Goat too.
That is in verses 21-25.
So many people assumed that the Little Horn
must be the King of Fierce Countence.
It was a fair assumption, however, it does
not actually say that,
and the way the prophecy played out did NOT
occur that way exactly.
Instead, the King of Fierce Countenance; the
United Nations
CREATED the Little Horn in 1947;
The country of Israel, which Lamentations
2 verse 3 tells us is the HORN.
It even LOOKS like the Horn on a Beast on
the map!
Revelation 2 and 3 tells us that SOME of those
who CLAIM to be Jews are NOT really JEWS!
There are IMPOSTERS in your midst!
If you are Jewish, know that.
It does not say EVERYONE who is Jewish, but
at least SOME of the people claiming to be Jews
are NOT really Jews!
And some of those imposters most definitely
are in the country of Israel.
This Little Horn, it says, will rise out of
the fourth horn, and subdue THREE KINGS.
That is both Daniel 8 verses 8 and 9 AND Daniel
7 verses 8 and 20.
It says the Little Horn comes out of the 10
Horns of the Fourth Beast.
The Fourth Beast was the Roman Empire.
We are under the Roman Empire now, that is
what the riddle in Revelation 17 tells us:
That the 8th King is OF THE SEVEN KINGS.
Revelation 13 tells us the wounded head of
the Beast will be HEALED.
That is the Beast that WAS, IS NOT, YET IS.
So the fourth Beast in Daniel 7:7 is the Roman
Empire that we are still under.
And the Ten Horns of that Beast represent
Ten Kings or Kingdoms.
There are Ten Kingdoms that the UN has appointed
throughout the world
but also notice that there are EXACTLY TEN
KINGDOMS
from the START of ancient Babylon until the
present:
Those TEN KINGS are ancient Babylon, Persia,
then the four horns of the Goat:
Assyria (otherwise known as the Seleucid Empire),
Greece (otherwise known as Macedonia),
Egypt (otherwise known as the Ptolemaic Dynasty),
and Turkey (known at that time as Anatolia).
That is six Kingdoms, followed by the Western
Roman Empire (number 7),
then the Eastern Roman Empire (number 8),
the Holy Roman Empire (number 9),
and the United Nations (number 10)!!!
Remember, Daniel established that Horns are
Kings
and Kings also represent Kingdoms.
So the Little Horn is not only a Little King;
it is a LITTLE Kingdom or LITTLE COUNTRY.
Daniel 8 says the Little Horn comes out of
the Four Kingdoms that Greece was broken into
at the end of Alexanders empire.
But at the Latter END of those four empires
when the transgressors are COME TO THE FULL!
Again, that was the rise of the 8th King at
the end of the Turkish Empire in 1920;
the League of Nations which became the United
Nations in 1945.
The King of Fierce Countenance that destroys
by PEACE.
Then the 8th King created the Little Horn;
the LITTLE COUNTRY of ISRAEL.
So the Little Horn came out of the 8th King,
which rose at the end of the fourth horn of the Goat.
and is ALSO the TENTH King considering ALL
the Kingdoms since Babylon!
FULFILLED!!!!
Daniel 7 verses 7 and 8 tell us the Little
Horn will rise out of the TEN HORNS
and it will SUBDUE THREE KINGS.
the THREE KINGS that were subdued were England,
France, and Russia.
At the end of the Turkish Empire,
the nations around Jerusalem were separated
into regions
that were given to France, Russia, and England.
And the area specifically near Jerusalem was
appointed as INTERNATIONAL TERRITORY.
In fact, it was the League of Nations that
was behind this.
They took over that region and then created
the country of Israel there
after they became the United Nations.
In other words, the 8th King; the BEAST created
the LITTLE HORN
which in reality, belongs to the UN, and they
SUBDUED the THREE OTHER KINGS in that region;
England, France, and Russia!!!
Again, in Daniel 7:8, the EYES of the Little Horn are the CHURCHES of YHWH (Revelation 1, Zechariah 4),
and the MOUTH is Babylon, as explained in
Deuteronomy 32, Revelation 13, and Daniel 2 and 7.
In other words, Israel has the EYES or the
CHURCHES OF YHWH throughout the WHOLE EARTH
which Revelation explains IS BABYLON the GREAT,
which is the MOUTH of the Little Horn!!!
The Saints, it says, will be given into the hand of the Little Horn for a Time, Times and Half a time.
That is equal to 3.5 years or 42 months.
It is the FINAL TIME OF TROUBLE.
It is the final 3.5 years of extreme tribulation that occur AFTER the MILLSTONE hits the Sea of Babylon.
Babylon the Great sits on the BEAST (Revelation
17)
and the BEAST devours the WHOLE EARTH (Daniel
7:23)!
That means END TIME BABYLON sits on the WHOLE
EARTH!!!
It also sits on PEOPLE of all languages (Revelation
17:15)
That scripture also clarifies that the WATERS
represent PEOPLE.
This is also very important because in Revelation
11 we are told the WATERS will turn to BLOOD.
The Waters to Blood represents the people
that were murdered during the Holy Roman Empire.
The Rain is the Rain of Fire and Brimstone
that does not occur during the Testimony
but immediately AFTER the testimony.
And we have not exited that Tribulation.
The people who think that does not happen
anymore are worshipping the Beast.
I am sorry to say that, but it is the truth.
People are still being murdered and tortured
for their beliefs today.
But they are the ones who are NOT worshipping
the Beast.
The Two Witnesses are the Christians and Jews.
They are the Two Candlesticks (Revelation
11:4)
that Zechariah 4 and Revelation 1 tell us
walk the WHOLE EARTH.
They are TWO Candlesticks out of SEVEN Candlesticks.
The Christians and Jews make up roughly 2
Billion of the World's population.
That is TWO Billion out of a total of roughly
SEVEN Billion people!!!
They are TWO out of SEVEN!
That is what the prophecy says!
Jesus said they are TWO FALSE WITNESSES.
This is a deep study, it goes into the deception
of Paul.
We wont cover it here.
It says they ACT as prophets.
Its important to understand, because when
it says
the Two Witnesses will lie as dung in the
Great City
it is talking about Babylon the Great, which
sits on the Beast, which devours the WHOLE EARTH.
Remember, Jeremiah said the SLAIN will lie
as dung on the ground over the WHOLE EARTH
when Babylon is destroyed at the end of the
70 years!
You may be saying no no no right now.
But please, I am begging you to hear this
and not turn away.
Its not saying ALL the Christians and Jews
worship the Beast.
Hosea 14 is clear its not ALL of them who
But it is the Christians and Jews who worship
YHWH and Hosea tells us YHWH is the BEAST
to the TARES.
Babylon the Great SITS on the Beast which
is BOTH the 8th King; the WORLD GOVERNMENT
AND the False God that they created that many
of the Christians and Jews WORSHIP.
The TRUE God is the Elohiym.
The Bible itself tells us that the Beast is YHWH
and the religions that worship YHWH are the
ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS
which cover the pink area on this map.
This tells us WHERE Babylon is.
Babylon sits on the Beast and the Beast devours
the WHOLE EARTH (Revelation 17:3, Daniel 7:23).
Babylon sits on 7 mountains, which are literally
the 7 continents. (Revelation 17:9)
Babylon sits on PEOPLE of different nationalities
and languages. (Revelation 17:15)
Now think, if Babylon sits on the Beast AND
Babylon sits on PEOPLE,
Then the PEOPLE that Babylon sits on, are
the PEOPLE OF THE BEAST.
In other words, the PEOPLE who WORSHIP the
BEAST.
The Beast is YHWH (Hosea 13, Daniel 7, and
Revelation 13).
That means BABYLON SITS on the PEOPLE who
WORSHIP YHWH:
The Abrahamic religions in pink here.
End-time Babylon is the GREAT CITY which reigns
over the EARTH (Revelation 17:18)
It is where the Bodies of the Two Witnesses
will lie UNBURIED (Revelation 11:8)
It is where the slain will lie UNBURIED over
the WHOLE EARTH (Jeremiah25:33).
It is where the power of their LORD (The BEAST)
will be destroyed utterly (Revelation 11:8)
Look at the definition of the word translated
as crucified.
Its not talking about Jesus or Jerusalem there.
It is the place that is spiritually called
Egypt and Sodom (Revelation 11:8)
and it is where the STONE from HEAVEN will
HIT THE SEA (Revelation 18:21).
NOW that you understand this is not some frivolous
joke,
but extremely complex and EXACT fulfillments
of these ancient prophecies,
we can step into the Daniel 9 prophecy and
I will prove to you that the Prince that shall come
is either Donald Trump or Mike Pence.
Remember, the Daniel 9 prophecy is directly
associated with the prophecy in Jeremiah.
It does not say HOW they are related, only
that they ARE related.
So Daniel is crying to God, saying he is sorry
he did not listen,
the 70 years of Jeremiah had passed and the
King of Babylon was not punished,
and the people had been scattered into other
countries and had not returned.
So THAT was the fulfillment of Jeremiah 29.
It says after 70 years you will PRAY and I
will ANSWER you.
So after 70 years, Daniel prayed and Gabriel
answered him.
It says in verses 21 and 22: And while I was
speaking in prayer, the man Gabriel
talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now
come forth to give thee skill and understanding.
So he is about to give Daniel skill and understanding
of the 70 YEARS PROPHECY
that Jeremiah spoke about!
So the 70 years that END at the DESTRUCTION
OF BABYLON AND THE BEAST!
The 70 years that END at the MILLSTONE HITTING
THE SEA!
So this 70 Weeks in Daniel 9 ABSOLUTELY MUST
occur in the END TIME!
He says to Daniel in verse 24: 70 weeks are
determined upon thy people and thy holy city
to finish the transgression, and to make an
END OF SINS, and to make reconciliation for iniquity,
and to bring in everlasting righteousness,
and to seal up the vision and prophecy,
and to annoint the most holy.
Verse 25: Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and build Jerusalem
unto Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks,
the STREET shall be built again, and the WALL,
even in troublous times.
Verse 26: And AFTER threescore and Two weeks
shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself,
and the PEOPLE of the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME
shall destroy the CITY and the SANCTUARY,
and the END thereof shall be with a FLOOD,
and unto the end of the WAR desolations are
determined.
Verse 27: And he shall confirm the covenant
for one week,
and in the midst of the week he shall cause
the sacrifice and oblation to cease,
and for the overspreading of Abominations
he shall make it desolate,
even until the consummation, and that determined
shall be poured out upon the desolate.
So, the first thing to notice is that the
word translated as WEEKS in Daniel 9
is NOT the same word in Jeremiah.
In Jeremiah, the word translated as YEARS
is number 8141.
In Daniel 9, the word translated as WEEKS
is number 7620: SHABUWA,
which means three basic things: It can be
a singular SEVEN, a PERIOD OF SEVEN,
or the FEAST OF WEEKS, which is the Jewish
Holiday of SHAVUOT
which occurs once per year in any given location.
So Gabriel is giving Daniel a riddle that
is more complex than just 70 years.
This particular prophecy is not about YEARS,
it is about SHABUWA.
Yet, still, it DOES RELATE to the 70 years
prophecy in Jeremiah.
So first of all, in verse 24, Gabriel is telling
Daniel that the 70 SHABUWA
are determined upon Daniel's people and
their Holy City, which was Jerusalem.
But notice he says the 70 SHABUWA will not
end until the END OF SINS altogether.
That END OF SINS has not occurred yet!!!
Next, in verse 25 he says this will start
at the GOING FORTH
of the COMMANDMENT TO RESTORE and BUILD JERUSALEM.
Again, that COMMANDMENT TO RESTORE occurred
when the 8th King; the Beast;
the United Nations voted to partition Palestine
in order to RESTORE Israel.
FROM the GOING FORTH of that COMMANDMENT in
1947 until MESSIAH shall be
7 SHABUWA and threescore and two SHABUWA.
That is 7 SHABUWA and 62 SHABUWA. (one score
represents 20, threescore represents 60)
Again, the word SHABUWA means either SEVEN,
PERIOD OF SEVEN, or The Holiday of SHAVUOT.
So it says From the going forth of the commandment
to restore and build Jerusalem
until Messiah shall be SEVEN, SEVEN, and 62
SHAVUOTS.
So from November of 1947, when the commandment
went forth to restore Jerusalem,
Until MESSIAH shall be SEVEN, SEVEN, and 62
SHAVUOTS.
Remember, the restoration of the country of
Israel by the UN
was actually the creation of the Little Horn.
Gabriel does not tell us here, WHO will put
forth the commandment.
But we can see the fulfillment now,
and it was the BEAST that put forth the commandment
to restore.
The Beast devours the Whole Earth, and the
whole world is WORSHIPPING the Beast,
who is a FALSE GOD, therefore, it stands to
reason that they would be given a FALSE MESSIAH
who confirms a covenant with the BEAST.
The whole WORLD called Barack Obama the MESSIAH.
And everything in the book of Daniel is written
in code.
Nebuchadnezzar was the HEAD of the image and
the LION.
Alexander the Great was the GOAT, and so on.
MESSIAH also may be a code.
Obama, the man the world called MESSIAH was
BORN in 1961
which is SEVEN, SEVEN after the commandment
to restore that went forth in 1947.
Remember, it specifically says SEVEN, SEVEN,
and 62 SHAVUOTS.
So it is not talking about YEARS, but SHAVUOTS.
The first SHAVUOT after November 1947 occurred
in the summer of 1948.
So SEVEN, SEVEN Shavuots ended in 1961, the
year of Obama's birth,
and 62 Shavuots ended in 2009, the year he
became President of the United States.
Remember, Jesus said in John 5:43 that he
came in his fathers name and he was not received
but that another will come in his own name
and the people WILL receive HIM.
He implied that there would be another Messiah
in the future meant for the Pharisees.
The rise of the World's Messiah is a fulfillment
of Daniel 9 EXACTLY!
Next it says the STREET and the WALL will
be rebuilt during that time period as well.
Now here is where it gets interesting,
because at this point, this fulfillment is
occurring in the United States.
This is very significant, because remember,
Jesus said there will be THREE WATCHES
and we are talking about the THIRD WATCH now.
It is an event that will occur over the WHOLE
EARTH.
And the BEAST that devoured the WHOLE EARTH
is the 8th King,
which is the United Nations, and the United
Nations is headquartered in New York City
in the United States.
Now WALL STREET is in New York City.
In other words, WALL STREET is located in
the SEAT of the BEAST.
So in Daniel 9 verse 25, where it says the
STREET and the WALL shall be built again,
it can also refer to WALL STREET in New York
City.
Remember the stock market crashed in 1929;
the SAME YEAR that the 7th Head of the Beast
was restored!!!
That was the year that Vatican City was created.
And remember, they were the ones who set up
the TEMPLE OF SATURN
in the United States; the CAPITAL BUILDING.
Now, we have a man that the world called MESSIAH
taking the position of power in that Roman
Temple in exact accordance
with the timeline Gabriel gave to Daniel.
So as the wounded 7th Head of the Beast was
being healed in 1929,
WALL STREET crashed in the Seat of the Beast;
New York City, in 1929.
That started the Great Depression in all of
the United States.
And this article on Wall Street in Wikipedia
states
that specifically between the years 1946-1947
stocks could not be purchased.
That was exactly the years the Commandment
went forth to restore Jerusalem.
And while Jews were returning to Jerusalem
New York City reached its peak of Jewish Emigrants.
In 1950, five years after the rise of the
8th King
there were 2 million Jews in New York City.
Today, New York City has the highest population
of Jews in the World,
second only to Tel Aviv, Israel.
So Jews were relocating to New York City,
the SEAT of the BEAST
while WALL STREET was being REBUILT in the
SEAT of the BEAST.
It says the recovery of the Wall Street Crash
of 1929 did not occur until the 60s.
And notice this; the SAME month that the man
called Messiah was born,
they started building the BERLIN WALL in GERMANY!!!
Remember, the Holy Roman Empire was located
in Germany.
And again, that occurred the same month that
the man called Messiah was born,
exactly seven, seven Shavuots after the commandment
to restore.
And the building of the World Trade Centers
in New York City began in 1966,
which was a major manifestation of the recovery
of WALL STREET.
And the Trade Centers are a significant part
of this prophecy, as you will see.
So Daniel 9 verse 25 says this man called
Messiah will show up
seven, seven, and 62 Shavuots after the commandment
to restore Jerusalem
and during that time the STREET and the WALL
will be rebuilt.
So the man called Messiah showed up in the
United States right on schedule
and WALL STREET was being rebuilt in the SEAT
OF THE BEAST
while the SEAT of the BEAST was becoming
the second post popular settlement for the
Jews during that time.
The SEAT of the BEAST; the Headquarters of
the United Nations in New York City.
So when it says in verse 26: And after 62
Shavuots shall Messiah be cut off,
but not for himself;
and the people of the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME
shall destroy the CITY and the SANCTUARY,
that could mean a few different things.
Obviously, it already appears to be referring
to New York City.
But the real confirmation of that is the setting
up of the Idol of Terror
that occurred exactly according to Daniel
12.
We are not going to look at every word, we
have already done that in other videos.
But if you are not familiar with this alternate
translation,
please check the meanings of these words in
one or more concordances.
I have listed links to three different concordances
below this video.
We know that the first fulfillment of Daniel
12:11 and 12 occurred in 685 CE
with the setting up of the Dome of the Rock
by the King of the North; the Roman Empire
1290 years after the sacrifice was taken away
by the first King of the north; Nebuchadnezzar,
the King of Babylon.
Notice 1335 years from that Abomination will
end in the year 2020.
But there is also another translation of Daniel
12:11 and 12 that is just as valid.
It says: And from the time that the POSTION
shall be taken OATH
and the IDOL of TERROR set up, there shall
be 1290 days.
Blessed is he who LONGS FOR and REACHES FOR
the 1335th day.
Now again, the major fulfilment of this scripture
occurred in 685 CE.
But another fulfillment of it occurred in
2012.
The man called Messiah took the oath of office
for the POSTION of the President of the United
States on January 20, 2009.
Exactly 1290 days after that, on August 2,
2012 he signed a steel beam
that was literally SET UP in the ONE WORLD
Trade Center in New York City;
the SEAT OF THE BEAST.
That IDOL symbolizes the war on TERROR.
So it is LITERALLY the IDOL of TERROR
that was SET UP EXACTLY 1290 days after the
position was taken oath!!!
And the 1335th day was the day the blessed
were longing for; the Feast of Trumpets 2012.
Now, Bible prophecy tells us that there MUST
be a specific heavenly SIGN that occurs
along with the setting up of the Abomination
of Desolation.
That sign occurred in 686 while they were
building the Dome of the Rock
and the EXACT SAME heavenly SIGN occurred
in October 2012
on the TRUE Biblical FEAST OF TRUMPETS that
year
one month after the setting up of the Idol
of Terror and the 1335th day!!!
People will try to argue that the Jews did
not observe their Feast of Trumpets
on the New Moon of October 16, 2012.
But that is not what I said.
I said the TRUE Feast of Trumpets that year
was on October 16th.
And mind you, the Jewish calendar DID align
with the TRUE calendar THIS YEAR; in 2016!
They had to add a 13th month in order to move
their calendar back into alignment.
The Bible says nothing about adding a 13th
month every so many years.
The Bible says to calculate the days and months
using the SUN and MOON EACH YEAR!!!
So we were observing the TRUE dates of the
Biblical calendar back in 2012
but the mainstream Jewish calendar did not
catch up until 2016.
And again, if they had been calculating the
days every year,
then they would NOT have had to add that 13th
month that is not mentioned in the Bible!
Also, it is very possible that the mainstream
Jewish calendar is coming from Israel
which we know is the Little Horn, who the
Bible says will CHANGE THE TIMES!!!
So their date for Trumpets in 2016 was aligned
with the true calendar,
but in 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012 it was one
month ahead.
You can watch my video on how the Bible says
to calulate the Feast Days.
We use the same method every year.
That Biblical Heavenly SIGN described in Revelation
DID occur on the TRUE Feast of Trumpets in
and it was the EXACT same celestial configuration
that occurred in 686
when they set up the Abomination on the second
watch!!!
Now, notice that this MAJOR event in 2012;
The Idol of Terror; otherwise known as the
Abomination of Desolation;
that Jesus told us to watch for,
it occurred in the MIDST OF THE WEEK.
Many Bible scholars have believed that the
Abomination will be set up in the midst of the week.
And although Daniel 9 does NOT say that, the
fulfillment happened ANYWAY
as if in attempt to WAKE PEOPLE UP!!!
Lets read what Daniel 9 actually says in verse
26:
Remember this word translated as WEEKS means
Shavuot
and the word translated as BE CUT OFF can
also mean CUT A COVENANT.
So it says: And after 62 Shavuots shall Messiah
be cut off, OR cut a covenant,
but not for himself.
And the PEOPLE of the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME
shall destroy the CITY and the SANCTUARY.
this word translated as SANCTUARY also means
HALLOWED THING.
So the people of the prince that shall come
shall destroy the CITY and the HALLOWED THING.
Well the fulfillments of these prophecies
have already established
that it is referring to New York City and
the One World Trade Center;
The IDOL set up in the Sacred Place in the
SEAT OF THE BEAST.
Then verse 26 goes onto say: And the END thereof
shall be with a FLOOD!
Well what is the FLOOD?
Revelation 18:21 tells us it is a STONE from
heaven that will HIT the SEA of BABYLON
which we can see is the ATLANTIC OCEAN!!!
New York would be wiped out by that.
Jeremiah 51:42 confirms that Babylon will
be destroyed and covered by the WAVES!
A meteorite the size of a mountain, as Daniel
says, hitting the Atlantic
would cause enormous tidal waves that would
hit New York City as well as other coastal cities.
So that is the FLOOD.
Then it says: And unto the end of the WAR
desolations are determined.
So its referencing the millstone that will
destroy Babylon
and the war that will start after that and
last for 3.5 years; the final time of trouble.
And again, Daniel was clear that this prophecy
relates to Jeremiahs prophecy
which is about the destruction of Babylon
in the end time.
So this fits PRECISELY!!!
Then verse 27 says: And he shall confirm the
covenant with many for one week.
Notice this does not say whether MESSIAH will
confirm the covenant
or whether the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME will
confirm the covenant.
But when we realize what the covenant is,
then it becomes clear that BOTH of them will
definitely confirm the covenant!
We know what the covenant is, because we had
a fulfillment of verse 26 in 2009.
It says: And AFTER the 62 Shavuots shall Messiah
CUT A COVENANT.
The 62nd Shavuot from the Commandment to restore
Jerusalem occurred in the summer of 2009.
Just a few months after that, in October of
2009,
it was announced that the man called Messiah
had been awarded the World Wide Peace Prize.
And it was explained that the REASON he won
this PEACE PRIZE
was because of his PROMOTION of NUCLEAR DISARMAMENT.
That specifically refers to the Worldwide
Treaty on the Non-proliferation of Nuclear weapons.
This WORLD WIDE TREATY was put forth by the
United Nations; the BEAST!
So this man that the world called MESSIAH
was given a WORLD renowned PRIZE
for PROMOTING the World Wide TREATY of the
BEAST!!!
He physically received the prize in December
of 2009.
Daniel 9 verse 27 says: And he shall CONFIRM
the COVENANT for one week.
Again this word translated as WEEK can mean
a period of 7 years.
So it can be saying that Messiah will confirm
the covenant for one period of 7 years.
It says he will confirm the covenant WITH
MANY!
And this is a COVENANT that is being confirmed
with the WHOLE WORLD!
Then verse 27 says: And in the midst of the
week (or 7 years)
he shall cause the sacrifice and oblation
to cease,
and for the overspreading of Abominations
he shall make it desolate,
even until the consummation,
and that determined shall be poured out upon
the desolate.
The word translated as SACRIFICE also means
PASSOVER or THANK OFFERRING
and THANK OFERRING is also referred, elsewhere
in the texts as THANKSGIVING!
Literally THANKSGIVING !
The word translated as OBLATION also means
TRIBUTE or GIFT.
So this is saying: And he shall confirm the
covenant with many for one period of 7 years
and in the midst of the 7 years he shall cause
EITHER:
The Passover and the Tribute to cease OR:
He will cause the THANKSGIVING and GIFT to
cease!!!
Thanksgiving and Christmas!
Thanksgiving and Gift!
Again we don't know which year.
Because its not clear if that refers to the
man called MESSIAH
OR the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME.
We know what the covenant referred to,
that was confirmed just a few months after
the 62nd Shavuot,
and was the covenant of the BEAST; a WORLD
WIDE COVENANT.
We also know the United States has been confirming
that covenant for many years
and the next President will no doubt confirm
it as well.
So when it says AFTER 62 Shavuots Messiah
will either be cut off or cut a covenant,
and the people of the prince that shall come
will destroy the city and the hallowed thing,
the fulfillment of that can occur a few different
ways.
If it means Messiah will cut a covenant, starting
a 7 year period,
then that 7 year period started when he was
awarded the Peace Prize
literally SEVEN years ago, as of October through
December 2016!!!
But if it means that Messiah will be cut off,
then it can be saying that the PRINCE THAT
SHALL COME will confirm the covenant
after Messiah is cut off
starting a 7 year period that would begin
in 2017 and end in 2024.
The interesting thing is that verse 24 says
that 70 Shabuwa are determined
until the END OF SINS!
Shabuwa can mean BOTH SEVEN or the FEAST OF
SHAVUOT!
So this can say EITHER: Seventy SEVEN are
determined
OR Seventy SHAVUOTS are determined.
If it is Seventy SHAVUOTS from the Commandment
to restore Jerusalem
then that would end sometime between November
of 2017 and May of 2018
since the commandment was voted in November
of 1947
but the State of Israel was not officially
announced until May of 1948.
But if verse 24 is saying that Seventy SEVEN
are determined
then that would end in 2024,
which is literally 77 Shavuots from the commandment
to restore Jerusalem.
So, as you can see, there is a real possibility
that the next 7 years may represent the confirming
of the covenant again
by the PRINCE THAT SHALL COME.
That is, the PRINCE that shall come AFTER
the man called MESSIAH!!!
So this can literally refer to either Donald
Trump
or Mike Pence, his Vice President!
These fulfillments are multi-layered.
But I hope you can understand now, why this
really may be true.
The Temple of the 7th Head of the Beast was
built in the United States
which is where the Prince that Shall Come
will be sitting
and the SEAT OF THE 8th KING is in New York
City where the Idol was set up
in the midst of the week!
And again, this prophecy relates to the 70
years of Jeremiah.
And those 70 years start sometime after the
rise of the 8th King, which rose in 1945-1946.
So the 70 years that the nations around Jerusalem
have been serving Babylon
has been accomplished!
Just recently!
There is SO MUCH MORE to these fulfillments
all pointing to the time we are in RIGHT NOW!
It appears that the rescue along with the
final time of trouble is about to start
and we are told it will last 42 months which
is 3.5 years.
I hope you will look closer at all of this
in the playlist:
Bibles Countdown to the Meteorite and Rescue
linked here.
As always, thank you so much to those of you
who are making this message possible.
It is very important, so thank you.
And if you would like to support see the link
below or go to IndigoFlower.net.
I hope you are doing well, and I will talk
to you next week.